This money cannot fill the debt hole of the family.
It seems that I will still have to find a part-time seat in two days. Lengman.
No need, uncle. Why are you here?
You just moved into the Jiang family tonight.
Not yet a family.
Just call me Mr. Jiang.
Mr. Jiang, what do you want to see me for?
You just came out of the escort room, right? Yes.
Do you remember what their mother and son said to you?
Some remember and some don't. Depends on your mood.
Then I have a black card without a password.
Will you feel better?
Mr. Jiang did this to ask me to do something for you?
Is it also to deal with Jiang Mian?
I want you to do what the third lady tells you to do
Just do whatever she asks you to do
But when you do things
Better leave some evidence
If it happens to be proven that the third lady ordered you to do it,
That's the best thing. Do you understand?
I don’t want to get my hands dirty and harm others.
We also need to leave one hand of evidence that reproduction is elegant enough.
Thank you Mr. Jiang for the meeting
In fact, the third lady didn’t say anything to me.
Mr. Jiang, you may have misunderstood
You are indeed not simple
I really picked a good show for Jiang Mian
from tomorrow
You can call me second uncle, that second uncle
I'll go back to my room first. Bye.
Mrs. Sun
Quite a harvest tonight